hello how about I bring you an idea for
this Valentine's Day that is coming
well flying soon because he's leaving
very fast the time and then I did not
I could lose to me I love I have
other pending earrings to do here
in my house and I'm fixing my room
to the nails but I needed to go up for the day
of valentine I needed because I
love that date I walk a little
dark and that colors do not create
that I have come out very nice
follow what you will notice in the design that
follow then if not already what
they noticed because I'm half Martian half
dark and already
there I am using the acrylic rose and they
I wanted to comment how that to me in my
experience I feel that the acrylics of
organic take longer to dry when
it's cold all the acrylics take that
field is not cold and I know it but this
it's my experience that takes the longest
So he wrote I suffered for having chosen
that color of the almond because right now
is not who I say if my house though
have the heater on is frozen
over here
It did not work for me and it took me a lot
despair
good, we continue with the golden color
that this one being there that's also
of organic is the metallic golden color
I'm in love with this gold me
love the golden color you know but
that I 'm discovering this because I
I had already seen it in videos but the
to have them in front of you is that it's like metal
liquid to me I loved this and the
banana I recommend them
then I'm putting a color like pink
old and meanwhile I tell you that the
name of the business of my channel here
I'll leave the business outlook this
that I bring one with a money of the created
but I need to leave it like that because I do not
I could remove it as I could remove the
new but you can not and I wanted
guys because that's the way everyone tells me
you do not know that's a nick for dew or a
nickname and take excessive is that I
I wanted you to be facing public titling
we left the business and in the end I
I will always put non-stop
and that they know me by my name as
my family tells me
and nothing is going on and with the
little hearts obviously if I'm using
I accept sometimes with hearts sometimes I
I do not use acetone but with this cold
We need help to dry the
quick acrylic if it is not going to
scatter everywhere and it goes well
fried heart
I'm going to add about two or three and I'm going to
Give a golden colored ton
then I thought because of seeing them with a
brush but you know I like it
complicate my life and we give it here
for example fill it in with color
golden and so also from the set I have
asked a lot the set that I bring that
if you encapsulate it if gentlemen the
encapsulated because obviously if it
would have left the leader exposed last
less as well as those nails that are called
caviar that carry pellets are nails that
you have to obviously put a gel
or acrylic on top if that's not like
a halloween ad and the most
it lasts in one night and I wanted them to
my photoshop I'm going to build the
different channel
well the bottom of the channel then I took
those photos for that but since I finish
Well of course I encapsulate against
the leader there in the house everywhere
so I answer the ones that had
that doubt if obviously encapsulate already
it does not look the same of course it's not the
but it was intended for the
Photos
ah
good and coming back this is all already
clean the nail you do not need clearer than
you can add me I'm not very manuel
zelaya knows now in another video les
I teach another great style gap
I hope you like it